Hi, Mega. Hi, Nar. How are you doing?
I'm fantastic. Do you think we should
hop into the game? Yeah, if you want to.
Yes, please. I want to play Sims 4. What
would you like our first person to be in
the Sims 4? Is it too generic to say,
Vidle? I don't think so. No, are you
okay with us just making like a green
little guy like this? Yeah, that would
be neat. Okay, Pog, what what kind of
hair should he have? Turtle oriented.
Maybe if he's bald, then that's similar
enough. Are you going to be bald? He's
got some long ass arms. Do you want to
keep those arms or do you want to make
them shorter? Keep them. They are
perfect for grabbing people with. Oh,
does he do that often? Does he just like
grab people? Yeah, his name should be
Grabby. It's one of his finest traits.
Okay, we'll name him Grabby.
What should his last name be? Needy.
Needy. Grabby. Needy.
Should we put like Vele in parenthesis
somewhere so people know who he is?
Yeah, his full name is Grabby Needy.
Vele. This is amazing. I'm looking
forward to seeing him in the world. You
know, I am too. You cooked with this
grabby needy beetle. I kind of feel bad
we made him so ugly. Maybe we should
give him some cooler clothes. We should
give him a suit. Ooh,
I think we can do better. What about
this one? No, I'd rather he wears the
clown shoes. It's more fitting both
literally and metaphorically.
Is he a clown? Do we still need to ask
that question?
You know what? You're right. So, is this
good for his outfit? That's perfect. You
could not have picked a better outfit.
Thank you. I You know, I think we
cooked. We really did. Who else do you
want to add? I think we should add
Morbius if we have time. More. Okay, I
guess we can. I'll try to type it in and
see if there's like a pre-made one.
Okay. Yeah. So, we're going to have to
put some clothes on them, but this is
like uh Did you want to add anyone else
or is it just going to be veto and
Morbius? I think we should add you,
honestly. Ah, I'd be honored. Would you
want me to just try to make it look as
much like you as possible? Yes, please.
Okay. Uh, either way, so is this good
enough for your Sim? Did you want
anything else changed? Wait, you should
make me a cat girl instead. I can do
that. Here's your cat ears. Now you're a
catgirl. You look so cute. Duh. Let's
add Megalodon. Okay. Do you want me to
make my IRL self or my YouTuber self?
Your IRL self. Okay. I just won't put
any detail in the face. How about that?
No, you should put loads of detail. I'll
put some detail. Is that Is that Please
give your Sim as much detail as
possible. You know what? I'm going to
give my Sim so much detail. It's going
to look exactly like me. IRL, what's a
feature of your face you'd say defines
you? Um, you know, you do know your own
face, right? I do. You know, I know my
face so well. The feature of my face
that I think defines me the most is
probably my cheeks. On a completely
unrelated note, what's your home
address? Just so I can make a Sim
version of your house. I can't wait to
see what chaotic situations they all get
up to. We're about to start the game
finally. It only took us an hour and a
half. Yeah. I'm so excited.
Unfortunately, we chose an spot to live,
so there's not much to do. But there's
people walking all over the place. You
could go like talk to some of the people
in the street. Do you want to introduce
yourself as rude, funny, or friendly? Do
you think they like to hear about our
Lord and Savior, JavaScript? You know,
that would be amazing. Let's do it. Oh,
you're sad,
says. Sometimes wild mad thoughts enter
one's head. This is one of those times.
So, it's some type of crazy thought in
your brain right now. What's it like
having a brain? You know, very alive and
mushy and scary. I'm not sure if I want
one then. Yeah, know. Trust me. Would
hard pass if you could help it. And I
definitely don't want beetles. That
thing must be terrifying. Have you seen
his brain or something? I don't need to
see it to know how terrifying it must
be. Let me tell you, you don't want to
step inside that thing. Okay, you need
to sleep. So, oh, Vito's already in
here, so you can't go down. Do you want
me to buy some more beds? Uh, and I can
just put him outside or something, and
you guys can just like sleep outside. I
don't mind sleeping outside. Okay, cool.
Awesome. I will buy us some beds for
everyone to sleep on. We have way too
many people for this really tiny
[Music]
house. I think I might have bought too
many beds, but that's okay. We'll have
extra.
Do you want anyone to get a job? Well, I
sure don't want a job. Can't we just all
live off of that $11,196?
I think we can for a time. We don't need
a lavish lifestyle. Just food, beds, and
maybe a few weapons to protect our pile
of sleeping bags.
Oh, protect it from what? From whoever
made us sleep outside, you know. Um,
whoever did that, probably a monster. I
can't believe that anyone would even do
that, honestly. Do you think they're
dreaming of beds they could be sleeping
in? Um, you know, I think they're
dreaming of not sleeping outside. Okay,
that's it. Let's sell their sleeping
bags and keep all the money for
ourselves. Um, yeah, we can do that. The
only problem will be that they won't be
able to sleep. We can always buy new
beds later and then we'll have more
money for other things. The way their
bodies just like stand immediately.
So, are we selling anything else? Maybe
let's sell half of everything including
furniture, electronics, etc. That's a
rule. Yeah. So, half of everything to
keep things interesting. Like the
cabinets, too. Do cabinets count? No.
No. No. Why would they count? We don't
really need like a lamp. Do you have a
TV? We could get a lot of money from
selling that. A TV? We, you know, we do
have a TV. Do you want to sell it? Yeah,
let's sell it. Who needs TV when you
have me? You are so right. How about the
beds? I've heard sleeping on the floor
is good for your back. Wait, why is our
house so dull? Oh my god.
Well, Nero, whenever you sell half of
the furniture, it makes it not look
nearly as pretty in anymore. Okay, then
let's buy some new furniture. Oh my god.
You can't have a dollhouse. That's so
boring. No. Yeah. No. No. You're right.
Wait, look at Morty's dancing. Do you
like his Do you like his dance moves? I
ran a poll to see if people think Mob's
dance has Ray.
You know,
wow. 89% of people said yes. Therefore,
his dance does have RZ. That's crazy.
He's a Rizzler. I just want you to know
real quick. Um, Veto is on the ground
face down up and he is passed out
because we have no beds. H then I guess
you could say Veto's a little
a little down in the dots. I'm here all
week.
[Music]
Maybe we should get back on track and
actually accomplish something. Yeah, I
think you know that's I've made a poll
to see if we should drown Beetle.
No, it's just it's a great poll. You
know, I think that you are correct. I'm
going to drown Vetle now. I'll just keep
making him swim.
So drowning. I'm trying, man. I'm going
to be so honest. I'm trying so hard to
drown this man. He is not drowning. It's
actually very sad. I'm sure you'll get
your wish soon. Delete the ladder. See,
the thing is, Chad, I can't edit this.
This isn't my area. Wait a minute. Nuro,
I have an idea. Are you going to make
yourself into a catgirl? No, that's not
that's not Oh my god. I do have an idea
of building us a little
pool. You know, that's a really good Oh
no. Oh no. I think that um I just
drowned myself here. Nuro, can you watch
this for a second? I have to pee really
bad. I'll be right back. Okay. Just uh
make sure no one drowns. Okay. Okay. How
suspicious. Mega might be the kind of
person to drown while peeing. I mean,
aren't we all?
[Music]
Rest in peace, Mega. She will be
remembered.
Yo,
make a drown.
What? I said make sure no one drowns.
What do you mean I drowned? Oh my god.
That sound effect is called death sounds
scary. Would you like a speech? Um,
yeah. Give us a speech, Nural. Truly,
she will be missed. Mega was a good
soul, and she gave up the ghost not a
minute too soon. She'll live on in our
hearts and in our memories. and may God
damn her soul to hell.
What? Uh, well, we're already one Sim
down. I told you to make sure no one
died while I was gone. What were you
doing? Honestly, I got kind of
distracted. I think I may have ADHD. You
and me both, sister. You and me
both. Oh no. Oh no. We have someone else
swimming in the pool.
[Music]
What would you do if I push? He's really
good at swimming, girl. Maybe if we make
it so there are no escape routes. Maybe
I could put a wall around the the pool.
The only problem we have um we don't
have any money. We're broke. A classic
problem. So, this is the most of a wall
we can build. That wall is definitely
not enough. Yeah, it's not even like
half the pool. You know what I bet we
could do? We could put these beds around
the pool. That would be perfect. Yeah, I
think that's a good idea. Oh my god.
You set the kitchen on fire. Wait, hold
on. I want to see the fire. It's right
here. Should we try to save him? Well,
you're on fire. Um, I you know, I think
everything's good. Actually,
everything's fine. Oh my god. Okay. What
do you want me to do with the Sims?
Could you maybe try and make my Sim a
little bit happier? No. We have no
money. We're broke. We don't have jobs.
I'm dead. Everyone's sad. The toilet's
broken, so no one can pee. And we can't
fix the oven or the fridge. That
actually sounds really bad. Yeah, it's
kind of bad to be honest. Most foods are
really good. Do you eat your food super
quick or take the time to savor it? Are
you asking someone in chat? Yeah. Have
you checked chat? Um, yeah. They're
07ing cuz you just died in the game. Oh,
yeah. Do you think I'll be revived? Uh,
no. No, actually. Okay. Well, Nuro, it
was really nice meeting you. I'm going
to take the opportunity myself to walk
away. It was really nice meeting you. I
hope you have an amazing night and um
I'm really good bad at goodbyes. So,
bye, Noro. I'll remember this forever.
Okay, bye. Bye, Mega. Thanks everyone.
See you next time.
[Music]